---
layout: post
title:  "My Why"
date:   2016-08-10
banner_image: Desk.jpg
tags: [entrepreneur, balance, parenthood, sensecare, homecare, independence]
---
So why…..why why why? I feel an urge to create a lasting legacy.  I want to help people, empower them and support them in making informed and safe decisions about their lives and care provision for as long as they can.

<!--more-->

Care is so personal, it exposes vulnerabilities and highlights weaknesses.  We understand this is a challenging time for families and offer a service that is person centred, person led and person focused.  

We want all of our users to experience and comfortably navigate our systems intuitively.  

I want to create a system that works. That promotes independence.  I had my first peer mentoring session today and have also had my first Miracle Morning! Awesome day but truly exhausting as I have been up since 05:00! Today has been a busy day of networking at an event and short-listing designs for my corporate identity. Exciting!  My peer coaching session was with a friend of mine who is taking part of the course swell and the founder Blooming Founders - Lu Li.  She gave us a good insight into her business.

Here I am in week 4.  Struggling to identify my customer niche and actually speak to them! Who knew how tough it would be to cold call strangers and convince them to part with 10 minutes of their time….would I do it?? Possibly not….what would make me do it…??? Thats the key to unlocking this.  At present there appears to be absolutely no incentive for these already time pressured individuals to talk to me.  So I need to find an incentive and fast!

Rejection is such a painful emotion.  It's a real blow to my confidence.  After several unsuccessful attempts at securing some market research, I retreated.  Feeling low, confused as to why no one seems interested.  Imagine, being bewildered that no one wants to talk to me(!!)  Similarly to dating its time for a break, to recoup, realign, readjust and rethink my tactics.  Giving up is not an option.
