---
layout: post
title:  "Pickles"
date:   2016-08-30
banner_image: pickle.jpg
tags: [entrepreneur, balance, parenthood, change, direction, ideas, teething]
---
What a night I've had....for the parents out there I'll just say one word I have no doubt you'll be nodding with sympathy.....teething.  It's currently 05:14 and this is possibly the 9th time I've been up tonight.  I've lost count.  My bambino must be in so much discomfort, and I feel helpless.  I've tried everything from teething gels and powder, to ice cold teething toys.  This is the second night we've experienced this....surely this doesn't happen for every tooth....?? Surely not?!?? So I'm struggling to get back to sleep and have a day of stuff planned which is most likely not going to happen unless I take some form of caffeine stimulant!
<!--more-->
I have my morning standup, a video chat with a logo designer and a dinner reservation at the Gherkin....first evening out without my sonshine and I just don't think I can leave him if he's like this.  Life of a mother... Going to try and get some shut eye..... wish there was a 24 hour mummy helpline.  I'd call it! I'm not actually sure what I'd want them to say, perhaps just some sympathy and reassurance that this is just another phase!

Well I know I need to get some sleep so here goes another attempt.  Life of a mother is like a complex project with endless moving parts, no clear objective, no monetary reward, no finish date.  But the unconditional love supersedes all of that.  The cuddles, the smiles, the dribbles, the milestones.  What project allows you to feel the growth from within? Gives you an unrivalled and lasting connection?  Promotes you without interview because you're the best person for the job without question? It's such a privilege...an exhausting one, but privilege non the less! Wish me luck!
